Update monitor-datadog-integration.md (#21838)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-datadog-integration.md

---
title: Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog 
summary: Learn how to monitor your TiDB cluster with the Datadog integration.
---

# Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog 

TiDB Cloud supports Datadog integration. You can configure TiDB Cloud to send metrics about your TiDB clusters to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/). After that, you can view these metrics in your Datadog dashboards directly.

## Datadog integration version

> TiDB Cloud has supported Datadog integration (Beta) since March 04, 2022. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces a preview version of the integration. Starting from September 30, 2025, Datadog integration becomes generally available (GA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud has supported project-level Datadog integration (Beta) since March 4, 2022. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces a preview version of cluster-level Datadog integration. Beginning September 30, 2025, the cluster-level Datadog integration becomes generally available (GA).
```

> TiDB Cloud has supported project-level Datadog integration (Beta) since March 4, 2022. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces a preview version of cluster-level Datadog integration. Starting from September 30, 2025, the cluster-level Datadog integration becomes generally available (GA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud has supported project-level Datadog integration (Beta) since March 4, 2022. Starting from July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud introduces the cluster-level Datadog integration (Preview). Starting from September 30, 2025, the cluster-level Datadog integration becomes generally available (GA).
```

> - **Datadog integration**: if no Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud provides the enhanced version of Datadog integration for your organization to experience the latest enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cluster-level Datadog integration**: if no Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud provides the cluster-level Datadog integration for your organization to experience the latest enhancements.
```

> - **Datadog integration (Beta)**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations in the beta version to avoid affecting current dashboards. For more information about how to migrate Datadog and New Relic integrations, see [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Legacy project-level Datadog integration**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations in the project level to avoid affecting current dashboards. For more information about how to migrate to the cluster-level Datadog integrations, see [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md).
```

> - **Legacy project-level Datadog integration (Beta)**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations at the project level to avoid affecting current dashboards. The legacy project-level Datadog and New Relic integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow this guide to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services. For more information about how to migrate to the cluster-level Datadog integrations, see [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Legacy project-level Datadog integration (Beta)**: if at least one Datadog or New Relic integration remains undeleted within your organization by July 31, 2025, TiDB Cloud retains both existing and new integrations at the project level to avoid affecting current dashboards. Note that the legacy project-level Datadog integrations will be deprecated on October 31, 2025. If your organization is still using these legacy integrations, follow [Migrate Datadog and New Relic Integrations](/tidb-cloud/monitor-metrics-integration-migration-guide.md) to migrate to the new cluster-level integrations and minimize disruptions to your metrics-related services.
```

Depending on your [Datadog integration version](#datadog-integration-version), the steps to access the integration page are different.

<SimpleTab>

> <div label="Datadog integration">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div label="Cluster-level Datadog integration">
```

2. Go to the [**TiDB Cloud Integration** page](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations/tidb-cloud) in Datadog.

> 3. On the **Configuration** tab, click **Install Integration**.

Reviewer: L54: 
```
<div label="Legacy project-level Datadog integration">
```

    - For Datadog integration, the [**TiDB Cloud Dynamic Tracker**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/32021/tidb-cloud-dynamic-tracker) dashboard appears in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).
    - For Datadog integration (Beta), the [**TiDB Cloud Cluster Overview**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/30586/tidbcloud-cluster-overview) dashboard appears in your [**Dashboard List**](https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists).

## View the pre-built dashboard

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com), navigate to the **Integrations** page.
2. Click the **Dashboard** link in the **Datadog** section.

>     - For Datadog integration, the **Dashboard** link opens the new dashboard, which includes the latest metrics introduced in the enhanced version.
>     - For Datadog integration (Beta), the **Dashboard** link opens the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the enhanced version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For cluster-level Datadog integration, the **Dashboard** link opens the new dashboard, which includes the latest metrics introduced in the enhanced version.
    - For legacy project-level Datadog integration, the **Dashboard** link opens the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the enhanced version.
```

>     - For legacy project-level Datadog integration (Beta), the **Dashboard** link opens the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the enhanced version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For legacy project-level Datadog integration (Beta), the **Dashboard** link opens the legacy dashboard, which does not include the latest metrics introduced in the cluster-level Datadog integration.
```
